Updated the new condition parameter "Required object count" in the do… (#5)
MindPort-GmbH/VR-Builder-Documentation: docfx/articles/core/objects-in-collider-condition.md

- **Required seconds inside**

    Set the time in seconds that the `Objects` should stay inside the `Collider`.

- **Required object count**

>     Set how much `Objects` should stay inside the `Collider`. If it's set to **0** it's always fulfilled. If the `Process Scene Objects` count is **higher than** `Required object count` it's **unfulfillable**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Set how many `Objects` should stay inside the `Collider` at the same time. If this is set to **0**, the condition is always fulfilled. If the `Process Scene Objects` count is **higher than** `Required object count` it's **unfulfillable**.
```
